Setting up nix added (#43)
test-editor/web-test-navigator: README.md

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.7.4.

## Setup development

Make sure to have a working [nix](https://nixos.org/nix/) installation. Please ensure that the `nixpkgs-unstable` channel is available. It
can be added with `nix-channel --add https://nixos.org/channels/nixpkgs-unstable`.

To enter the development environment, execute `NIXPKGS_ALLOW_UNFREE=1 nix-shell` in this repos root directory. For even more convenience,
please install [direnv](https://github.com/direnv/direnv) which will enter the development environment automatically for you.

> Once within the development environment, run `ng build` to resolve all necessary dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once within the development environment, run `yarn install` to resolve all necessary dependencies.
```
